updates to different articles chapter (#2409)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/communication/citable/citable-steps.md

- [Journal of Open Research Software](https://openresearchsoftware.metajnl.com/)
- [Journal of Open Source Software](https://joss.theoj.org/)

> You can read more about these different article types in our chapter [here](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/communication/dif-articles.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can read more about these different article types in our {ref}`Chapter on Publishing Different Article Types<cm-dif-articles>`.
```
